docs(VCard): workaround to allow content to overflow, fixes #17593, #17628 (#17839)
vuetifyjs/vuetify: packages/docs/src/pages/en/components/cards.md

<example file="v-card/basics-combine" />

### Content overflow

> By default, `v-card` doesn't let its content overflow outside the card. It also creates a `z-index` stacking context, making its content unable to display on top of elements outside `v-card` even if it defines a higher `z-index` value. If you want to opt-out from this behavior, you can use it like `<v-card style="overflow: initial; z-index: initial">`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`v-card` does not allow its content to overflow outside the card by default. It also establishes a z-index stacking context, which prevents its content from displaying on top of elements outside the `v-card`, even when it sets a higher z-index value. To override this default behavior, apply the following usage: `<v-card style="overflow: initial; z-index: initial">`.
```
